What does language East Do for testing Stephen did you get this change this again?

Language East is dedicated to creating high quality language learning programs tailored to advance clients communication.

English, the official language of more than 50 countries, is speculated to have over 400 million native speakers and over one billion second language learners, English is paramount for communication in the global economy.

Language East provides clients’ strategies to speak English with a neutral accent for more effective communication.
Our Accent Modification Program

    Evaluation

        We assess your English skills at the beginning middle and of the program

    Auditory Awareness/Phonemic Repertoire

        You will learn the similarities and differences between the English sound system and your First Language

    International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA)

        You will learn what IPA is and how to utilize it for clear communication

        You will learn how to control your speech anatomy and pronounce any word using IPA

    Vocabulary Building

        You will learn the roots of words for greater language comprehension and expression

    Grammar

        You will learn the syntax of English speech patterns and how they differ from your first language

    Intonation Patterns

        You will learn the intonation patterns of English and how they differ from your first language


Accent modification generally requires 8-15 sessions. Individual sessions are 60 minutes, Group sessions can vary between 90 minutes block to three hour sessions. We will do our best to accommodate your schedule.
Why do accent modification therapy?

Some feel that their accent makes them difficult to understand. Education about speech, language, and communication enables full control of how you come across in the world. Therapy enables you to be noticed for what you say not how you say it.

When considering whether to work with Language East ask yourself:

· Are you asked to repeat yourself, can others understand you?

· Do you avoid speaking because you are feel self-conscious about how you sound?

· Is your accent is holding you back in your professional or social life?

Team
Stephen Corbo

Stephen Corbo, MS, CCC-SLP, is a New York State licensed speech language pathologist. Stephen holds Master Degrees in Speech-Language Pathology from Hunter College and Teaching English as a Second or Other Language, from the City College of New York. He is a PROMPT trained clinician and fluent Spanish speaker. In 2001 Stephen began teaching English as a Second Language (ESL) while serving as a Peace Corp Volunteer in Uzbekistan. His experience teaching ESL includes working in the New York School system with elementary, middle and high school students. Stephen has also taught ESL to adults for community organizations and private practice. In addition to co-founding Language East, Stephen provides early intervention services for Bilingual Incorporated, and speech language therapy at Edward A. Reynolds High School and The Urban Assembly New York Harbor School. Outside of speech-language Stephen loves to program in Drupal, cycle and ski.


James Corbo

James Corbo holds degrees in Spanish and Speech Language Pathology from Penn State University and a Masters Degree in Speech Language Pathology from Columbia University. James’ work experience includes teaching English as a Second Language and providing Speech Therapy both in the United States and in Buenos Aires, Argentina. In addition to co-founding Language East and working privately as an accent modification specialist, James works as a Speech Therapist in The Academy of Public Relations in the Bronx, New York.
